religion the Sankt Michael church in Hildesheim belongs to
What is the width in meter of the Romatische Straße in Würzburg?
What is the facebook contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
Can you tell me the Spanish name for 'Alte Nationalgalerie' in Berlin?
Can you tell me which kind of turism attraction 'Europa-Park' in Rust is?
architectural style of Schloß Linderhof in Garmisch-Patenkirchen
Can you tell me to which religion the Sankt Michael church in Hildesheim belongs to?
castle type of Burg Eltz
Can you tell me the email address of the 'Rheinturm' in Düsseldorf?
Can you tell me which kind of historic building the Walhalla in Regensburg is?
To which geological type does the Loreley in St. Goarshausen belong to?
Can you tell me the community identification number of the Chiemsee in Traunstein?
official name of 'Dom zu Speyer' in Speyer?
denomination of the 'Aachener Dom' in Aachen?
Does the Romantische Straße in Würzburg have a gradient?
smoking allowed at Café Botanik in Heidelberg
write Rügen in Japanese
at which street is 'Neues Museum' in Berlin?
In which suburb is the Mauermuseum in Berlin?
Does the 'Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister' in Dresden have wheelchair access?
Spanish name for 'Alte Nationalgalerie' in Berlin
heritage website for the Kloster Maulbronn?
youtube contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
What is the short name of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
leaf types are in the Schwarzwald
Can you tell me the architect of the 'Dreischeibenhaus' in Düsseldorf?
architect of the 'Dreischeibenhaus' in Düsseldorf
Can you tell me the owner of the 'Kölnturm' in Köln?
To which architectural style does Schloß Linderhof in Garmisch-Patenkirchen belong?
Can I smoke at Café Botanik in Heidelberg?
twitter contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
Do I need to pay money to use the ropeway in Wismar?
harbour type of the Loreleyhafen in St. Goarshausen
Can I ride along the Romatische Straße in Würzburg with my horse?
Can I drive with my bicycle along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg?
Can you tell me the home team of the Veltins-Arena in Gelsenkirchen?
landuse type of the 'Fagus-Werk' in Alfeld
Is there wheelchair access at 'Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister' in Dresden?
Can the Café Botanik in Heidelberg deliver my food?
phone number of the Veltins-Arena in Gelsenkirchen
Can you tell me at which place the 'St. Bartholomä' in Hirschau is?
Which postcode does the 'Bode-Museum' in Berlin have?
What is the google+ contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
Can you tell me at which street 'Neues Museum' in Berlin is?
What is the fax number of the 'Blumeninsel Mainau'?
Does the NCT in Heidelberg have an elevator?
kind of turism attraction of 'Europa-Park' in Rust
drive with my bicycle along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg
Can you tell me the phone number of the Veltins-Arena in Gelsenkirchen?
Is there a summit cross on the peak of the Zugspitze in Grainau?
Which leaf types are in the Schwarzwald?
community identification number of the Chiemsee in Traunstein
internet access at Café Botanik in Heidelberg
What is the condition of Burg Eltz?
Can you tell me the landuse type of the 'Fagus-Werk' in Alfeld?
year of the laying of the first stone for the Allianz Arena in München
at which place is the 'St. Bartholomä' in Hirschau?
Can you tell me the English name for 'Nürnberger Kaiserburg' in Nürnberg?
drive with boat on the Titisee
Which kind of access has the greenhouse at Botanische Garten in Heidelberg?
Can I drive with my motor vehicle along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg?
To which protect class does the Nationalpark Harz belong to?
colour of the Augustusburg castle in Brühl
Is the Café Botanik in Heidelberg a drive-through restaurant?
Which form does 'Neues Rathaus' in Hannover have?
How is the bus company called, which drives to Studentenwohnheim Heidelberg?
Can I drive with a boat on the Titisee?
short name of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
Is it possible to ride along the Romatische Straße in Würzburg with my horse?
Can you give me a link to the picture of the 'Konstantinbasilika' in Trier?
postcode of the 'Bode-Museum' in Berlin?
elevation of the 'Bodensee'
floor level of the DDR-Museum in Berlin
Can you tell me the opening hours for 'Deutsches Architekturmuseum' in Frankfurt on the Main?
condition of Burg Eltz
Can you give me information for wheelchair user concerning the Townhall in Bremen?
instagram contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
width in meter of the Romatische Straße in Würzburg
owner of the 'Kölnturm' in Köln
Can you tell me the wikidata ID of the Nationalpark Harz?
At which floor level is the DDR-Museum in Berlin?
walk along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg
Can you tell me the elevation of the 'Bodensee'?
suburb of the Mauermuseum in Berlin?
What is the official name of 'Dom zu Speyer' in Speyer?
What is the heritage website for the Kloster Maulbronn?
which kind of historic building is the Walhalla in Regensburg?
protect class of the Nationalpark Harz
fax number of the 'Blumeninsel Mainau'
Can you tell me the denomination of the 'Aachener Dom' in Aachen?
Can you tell me the Polish name for 'Historisches Rathaus' in Münster?
wikidata ID of the Nationalpark Harz
Is there an elevator at the NCT in Heidelberg?
house number of Pädagogische Hochschule in Heidelberg
geological type of the Loreley in St. Goarshausen
Which mbt scale does the Romantische Straße in Würzburg have?
How is the Theresienwiese in München called by the locals?
city of the 'Pergamonmuseum'
Can you tell me the house number of Pädagogische Hochschule in Heidelberg?
Can you tell me the year of the laying of the first stone for the Allianz Arena in München?
name of the Theresienwiese in München by the locals
Is there wheelchair access for the toilets of the Sanssouci in Potsdam?
Can you tell me the old name of the 'Elbphilharmonie' in Hamburg?
pay money to use the ropeway in Wismar
Is there internet access at Café Botanik in Heidelberg?
Can I walk along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg?
access type of the greenhouse at Botanische Garten in Heidelberg
What is the instagram contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
mbt scale of the Romantische Straße in Würzburg
Which harbour type is the Loreleyhafen in St. Goarshausen?
information for wheelchair user concerning the Townhall in Bremen
How do I write Rügen in Japanese?
link to the picture of the 'Konstantinbasilika' in Trier
old name of the 'Elbphilharmonie' in Hamburg
does a gradient of the Romantische Straße in Würzburg exist?
walking condition of the Romantische Straße in Würzburg
drive with motor vehicle along the Romantische Straße in Würzburg
Which castle type is Burg Eltz?
Café Botanik in Heidelberg a drive-through restaurant
name of bus company, which drives to Studentenwohnheim Heidelberg
home team of the Veltins-Arena in Gelsenkirchen
Does the Café Botanik in Heidelberg deliver food?
Can you tell me the building material for the 'Frauenkirche' in Dresden?
opening hours for 'Deutsches Architekturmuseum' in Frankfurt on the Main
Can you tell me the height of the Main Tower in Frankfurt on the Main?
What is the Rhine in Neuwied?
Can you tell me the city of the 'Pergamonmuseum'?
email address of the 'Rheinturm' in Düsseldorf
Do the toilets of the Sanssouci in Potsdam have wheelchair access?
facebook contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
What is the walking condition of the Romantische Straße in Würzburg?
exists a summit cross on the peak of the Zugspitze in Grainau?
building material for the 'Frauenkirche' in Dresden
Polish name for 'Historisches Rathaus' in Münster
Which colour does Augustusburg castle in Brühl have?
What is the twitter contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
height of the Main Tower in Frankfurt on the Main
What is the youtube contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg?
google+ contact of Miniatur Wunderland in Hamburg
English name for 'Nürnberger Kaiserburg' in Nürnberg
